-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER #0                                                                   |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In addition, the emergence of a potential trans-species epidemic in China since
then [3] may be linked to the fact there is no known or reported airborne
transmission [2]. In fact, all known animal hosts that have been associated
with animal-to-human transmission of COVID-19 are wild birds, including
chickens, geese, mule deer, herons, and turkey [17]. The introduction and
spread of SARS in 2003-4, a novel coronavirus first detected in 2014, was not
followed by a large number of cases in China [7] , and outbreaks have
occasionally occurred in other countries such as Singapore, Hong Kong, and
Taiwan [11] . However, they resulted in no major outbreaks [7] . In addition,
the emergence of a potential trans-species epidemic in China since then [3] may
be linked to the fact there is no known or reported airborne transmission [2] .
One possible cause is the fact that airborne infections from infected humans,
animals, and other pathogens are mostly thought to be the cause of acute
respiratory infections. However, the detection of SARS-coronavirus in animal
animals is not due to such direct airborne transmission as the animal is likely
to play an important role in the transmission [12, 13] . For example, a number
of reports have suggested that animal and human hosts may have provided the
necessary environment for the transmission of COVID-19 in people and poultry
[14] [15] [16] . In fact, all known animal hosts that have been associated with
animal-to-human transmission of COVID-19 are wild birds, including chickens,
geese, mule deer, herons, and turkey [17] . Additionally, there are reports of
cross infection by animal and human hosts including macrophages, placentas in
poultry, rats, pigs, and bats [18, 19] . In addition, several other animal
models (macrophages, rats, ferrets, and monkeys) have shown direct exposure of
humans, poultry and mammals to the virus [13, 20, 21] . One interesting animal
infection model may be the case of a zoonotic infection that may be caused by
an infection of an animal with a virus transmitted from another animal host
(such as a virus transmitted in bats. This case study described the discovery
that two species of European fruit bats, R. pumila and R. norvegicus (formerly
referred to as R. pumilioensis [Tamura et al., 1987] , were inoculated with a
vesicular fluid of a human patient with pneumonia (Fauquier et al., 2015) .
While bats are currently considered as an emerging mammalian order under the
ICTV (Table S1 ) [22, 23, 24] , the possibility of animal-to-animal
interactions as well as indirect transmissions and trans-species transmission
remains a topic for

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER #1                                                                   |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The case of COVID-19 has demonstrated the ability to be managed rapidly and
effectively during a crisis or emergency. In summary, the COVID-19 outbreak has
illustrated the diversity, flexibility, and interdisciplinary efforts that can
be employed to rapidly bring global health preparedness to bear. The case of
COVID-19 has illustrated an important, but underappreciated, capability and the
opportunity for collaboration between global health, the global private sector,
and other global institutions.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER #2                                                                   |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

How does its spread in the health care system affect treatment and prevention?
Here I analyze the relationship between the diffusion and effect of
transmission with different transmission routes, with the goal of identifying
and characterizing risk conditions that may lead to the spread of and mortality
among healthcare workers. The relationship between risk conditions, including
infection risk, transmission to other health workers, and patient-to-patient
transmission has been analyzed in the context of patient flow, blood vessel
walls, and the ED and in the context of the transmission mechanism and host
factors. For example, the association between patients' hemodynamics and the
transmission route has been studied through the use of functional magnetic
resonanceography [7].

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER #3                                                                   |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In some settings, the WHO recommends a three-step process for establishing
contact: (i) one end-to-end route; (ii) a direct link for the duration of
transmission; and (iii) at a minimum, the process to establish an onward
transmission chain. 4,5 To determine the pathogen(s) to travel from a city, to
work, or to travel into an area with known infection clusters, it is important
to determine the possible routes through which an infectious individual travels
to and from where transmission may occur. In addition to routes in the air, we
explored the potential routes of movement of a specific agent from their
residence to places with known COVID-19 case clusters.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER #4                                                                   |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Using the WHO framework, we demonstrate that the global health community should
use its available knowledge around human, environmental, and technological
factors, including global health policy, social, and technical norms. To
address these questions and to develop strategies to limit global spread, we
present an assessment and a scenario-based strategy for global health
preparedness at the national scale. Herein, we apply a strategy that uses the
WHO framework as a guiding tool to identify and measure the factors and systems
that support effective global health action. Using the WHO framework, we
demonstrate that the global health community should use its available knowledge
around human, environmental, and technological factors, including global health
policy, social, and technical norms. If sufficient knowledge exists, then
actions and systems aimed at preventing and containing global spread can be
developed. A global health framework The WHO Framework for Global Health is a
global health framework for public health action and policy, which is based on
established rules and principles of global governance (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6)
(7) (8) (9) (10) . The WHO global health framework aims to reduce risk to
global health through policy and regulatory action. For example, WHO global
health policy aims to prevent all events, from birth to death, including: (i)
providing global health assistance to countries at risk; (ii) sharing resources
with those in need; and (iii) ensuring access of health facilities to care (11)
. Here, we use the global health framework to identify and measure many factors
that support effective global health action in the following section. The WHO
global health framework also provides guidelines and frameworks for health
system implementation at the national scale. This section is dedicated to
global health systems at the national scale to address risk-based action
strategies against infectious diseases and mitigate regional and international
impacts. The following section will also address the interrelated questions
described above, and provide strategies that can be implemented to control
global spread of infectious diseases. A global health framework involves two
parts. One is policy, and the other is action. Policy aims to influence, as far
as it is feasible and costeffective, policy and regulatory decisions that will
influence how countries control infectious disease interventions. Action is
defined as the engagement of political, scientific, and economic influences
that shape the health system, and includes policy (a) on research; (b)
research-based policies; and (? How effectively can public health action be
addressed within the international community and the World Health Organization
(WHO), which lack both expertise in the field and resources to conduct health
interventions effectively? What are WHO's major limitations? What can be done
in the future to enhance public health action to control potential global
spread? To address these questions and to develop strategies to limit global
spread, we present an assessment and a scenario-based strategy for global
health preparedness at the national scale. Herein, we apply a strategy that
uses the WHO framework as a guiding tool to identify and measure the factors
and systems that support effective global health action. Using the WHO
framework, we demonstrate that the global health community should use its
available knowledge around human, environmental, and technological factors,
including global health policy, social, and technical norms. If sufficient
knowledge exists, then actions and systems aimed at preventing and containing
global spread can be developed. A global health framework The WHO Framework for
Global Health is a global health framework for public health action and policy,
which is based on established rules and principles of global governance (1) (2)
(3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10) . The WHO global health framework aims to
reduce risk to global health through policy and regulatory action. For example,
WHO global health policy aims to prevent all events, from birth to death,
including: (i) providing global health assistance to countries at risk; (ii)
sharing resources with those in need; and (iii) ensuring access of health
facilities to care (11) . Here, we use the global health framework to identify
and measure many factors that support effective global health action in the
following section. The WHO global health framework also provides guidelines and
frameworks for health system implementation at the national scale. This section
is dedicated to global health systems at the national scale to address
risk-based action strategies against infectious diseases and mitigate regional
and international impacts. The following section will also address the
interrelated questions described above, and provide strategies that can be
implemented to control global spread of infectious diseases. A global health
framework involves two parts. One is policy, and the other is action. Policy
aims to influence, as far as it is feasible and costeffective, policy and
regulatory decisions that will influence how countries control infectious
disease interventions. Action is defined as the engagement of political,
scientific, and economic influences that shape the health system, and includes
policy (a) on research; (b) research-based policies; and (
